**The Dartmouth Dante Project database combines computer
technology with more than 600 years of commentary 
tradition on Dante's major poem, the _Divina Commedia_.  
This gives scholars easier access to the full texts of 
many rare, important and difficult to obtain critical works. 

**The Dante Project has combined these commentaries with a 
search program, called BRS/Search(TM).  BRS/Search(TM) 
performs very rapid textual searches.  Consultations of 
text taking many days to complete in a library can be 
performed in minutes using the Dartmouth Dante Database.

**By reducing the time and effort required by preliminary
research, the Dartmouth Dante Database allows scholars to 
spend more time actively working out ideas. In addition, 
the speed and flexibility of the searches may enhance 
scholars' insight into their material.

**Subscription accounts for access to the Dante Project 
database are available to any person or institution.  
Currently, there is no subscription fee.  (The Dante Project 
hopes to be able to continue this policy for as long as 
possible.  Should subscription fees become necessary, 
they will be minimal and announced well in advance of 
their inception.)

**The Dartmouth Dante Project is an ongoing effort to put 
the entire texts of over 60 commentaries into a searchable 
database which anyone can access via computer.  We 
currently have 31 of these commentaries on-line.  More will 
be added as they become ready for inclusion.  We constantly 
are seeking to improve our searching program, so you may 
notice small changes in the database from time to time.  All 
major changes will be announced in advance.

The database is available on a Dartmouth College central computer which
is accessible by several methods including:  direct connection by
modem, the Telenet network, and the Internet network.  Our Internet
address is eleazar.dartmouth.edu

The database is normally available every day, all day except 
Monday mornings 4:15-6:30 Eastern Time.

To obtain further information, open an account, or ask questions, our
address is:

   Dartmouth Dante Project 
   1 Reed Hall HB 6087 
   Dartmouth College
   Hanover, NH 03755

   Phone:(603)646-2633 
   Electronic mail to 
   dante@dartmouth.edu
